Remember,
please hit like and subscribe for me.
Thank you so much. Okay, let's go. Hi
everyone. Today's Wednesday, February
the 4th, and this is Whoops. This is the
money Paul morning report
charts by trendpider and gamma flows by
menthro cute. The chart looks a little
noisy, doesn't it? So, let's let's
remove the rectangles first of all and
let's start taking a look at the E- mini
S&P. This is going to be a very quick um
review. Just going to cover the E- mini
S&P this morning due to time
constraints. So here we have chart that
we need to look at from a daily
perspective to realize that we are still
tremendously landlocked. And notice the
wicks. We've got literally five days of
wicks. That downside pressure is
completely reversed. Even though we are
closing and holding and opening lower
levels, we are bouncing. And so it still
tells us that the broad market is
unresolved. I was listening to a report
yesterday that suggested that the reason
that we moved into the sideways event
the way we have is because the MAG 7 has
stopped outperforming and moving the
market up and so as the others are
coming into the four or treading along
it's moved us into a sideways patch. um
listening to Jesse Felder also yesterday
started talking a little bit about
credit spreads looking um untidy and
blue owl and black rockck marking down
private equity in a very substantial
way. So for some of us that's goggly
gobbly goo but for others we know that's
a little bit of a warning sign. So, we
continue to tread sideways, but the
state of the underlying part of the
market from November
does not look
um any more favorable today. As a matter
of fact, it looks less favorable in
general. So, and here we are in
November. We had ourselves a reflexive
dip that was immediately bought. We
could see the same sort of thing. All
right. Now, what is telling me that we
could see the same sort of thing? We
have our put walls.
All I can see here is the zero DTE put
wall at 6,900.
Uh here we are. This the 6600
is the long put wall for the month. So
they are very hedged downside upside
still 7050 7,050
and so sideways action is what we're
going to see here until we start losing
some important levels. I believe the
first line in the sand for us to watch
is that 6900. We came off of it
yesterday and spent 90 minutes in the
area before it was bought up. Now, if
you saw me on trade with Topstep, that's
exactly what I was surmising a couple of
reasons. We just saw just how much they
were fighting to keep above that 6,900.
They shook out the weak hands. Luckily,
I was not one of them. And the upside
pressure event continued nicely into the
afternoon, which was really bullish. Now
in the overnight, here's our 30inut
formation.
We've really been sitting in there.
Again, the premise is this. If we spend
a lot of time building inventory in the
overnight within a compact range, the
break of that range
could entirely be extreme. That's
something like this. Now, the break
could be up because we're caught
sideways in this formation, or the break
could be down. Just prepare for it. The
line in the sand to watch
is
6930.
We lose 6930, we've got more downside
pressure.
Okay. On the upside,
we're really caught between value area
high, value area low. that is 6906
to 6986.
Once the upward trend continues to move,
you'll be in good shape. Remember, you
can anchor your VWAPs
at your recent highs and recent lows to
tell you what the near-term traders are
doing relative to
the longerterm traders holding for the
day. Supply sits above us at that 6975
and demand is well below us at 6875.
All right, folks. Sorry about not going
through a ton of things today. Got a lot
going on. So, use this track all your
instruments the same way. Make sure that
you're looking at what overall trend is.
We are trending up from the morning but
caught in the range. So the breaks
could be very hard in both directions
within the broader picture. All right,
take care everybody. I'll see you on the
streams.